---
layout: post
title: 2015 Summary
modified:
categories: 
excerpt: "To days to come, and all my love to long ago."
tags: []
image:
  feature:
date: 2016-01-09T18:07:21+08:00
---

> To days to come, and all my love to long ago. -- [Doctors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_Crash)


It's never late to do a summary, as long as I do it.

Year 2015 is just another year that flew away, in phrases... --

  * Grandma's sick and death,
  * a special girl's marriage,
  * a sudden love of Ukulele,
  * a lonely birthday,
  * two farewells to two colleagues (and a third days ago, and a fourth upcoming from me), 
  * a series of Coursera courses that squeezed out all my spare time,
  * a still-young colleague's cancer (and a fear of having cancer thereafter (causing me coughing for two months)),
  * two weddings bringing sorrow of being single,
  * an idea of data mining application in EDA software testing (and a real implementation of it, gaining even more burden of work:dizzy_face:),
  * a first experience of mentoring another,
  * an interest towards GPU, graphics, and numerical methods,
  * a determination of life changing,
  * a recall to fundamental courses,
  * and an ever-growing single figure (and obesity...).

<br>
So... New year resolution?

I wish to learn more about parallel programming, firstly. And a new job hopefully.

Being single is still a problem. I wish to solve this particular problem soon. But this is more about luck, isn't it? (provided my status no longer being a student...) :grin:

Health now comes into my mind. Losing grandma made me sad, but it was aging. Losing a colleague made me afraid, because he is still very young and has a kid.
Working for three years has made my figure totally unhealthy in shape. Moving to a new place might be able to setup a new beginning of exercising.

I haven't lost my determination to excel, since the time I watched [Dead Poet Society](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_Poets_Society).


So, keep moving...

<br>
Cheers,<br>
Jiacheng




